Well, one thing you have to understand
about living in New York City
is that it’s a very fast-paced life.
So you’ve got to keep up with that lifestyle.
We were doing pretty fine,
and we were happy pioneering, working
—just trying to survive in New York.
One of the things that you
usually have to worry about
is your safety
—being careful of your surroundings.
But hurricanes are just something
we never considered;
it’s something we
never had to worry about.
The day when we first heard the warning,
it was raining outside and kind of windy.
We saw the water coming into the parking lot
where our apartment was
and that’s when I realized
something was about to happen.
We got out with the clothes on our back.
It was just total devastation.
You lose everything
—one single night.
I never had any thought that water
would come into our place and destroy
everything from our material possessions
to our clothes.
And I truly felt
what it was like to be destitute.
It just broke my heart.
And all I could do
was wonder, ‘Where do my wife
and I go from here?’
Our assembly was scheduled for that weekend.
I didn’t even have
a suit jacket or a tie.
I think I probably took for granted
something as simple as clothing.
I always had it.
But the brothers and sisters stepped in
to assist in so many different ways.
I heard a knock on the door that Friday
—three suits
and shoes!
They purchased clothing for us.
It was a most unbelievable experience.
These friends gave us big hugs
and gave us envelopes.
We are fully convinced
we were clothed by Jehovah’s love.
We were able to go to our assembly
and enjoy taking in spiritual food,
even though we were in that situation.
Even though we lost everything physically,
we were still able to keep on pioneering,
which we have been doing up to this day.
Jehovah made a promise.
If we keep seeking
first his Kingdom,
everything else he will take care of.
And that’s where my joy comes from.
No matter what type of tribulation
you go through in your life,
and even if it’s to the point of nakedness,
it will never ever be able to stop
or cut off the relationship
that we have with our God, Jehovah.